we speak now of a pool but without
bathers and it's not because he lacks water
Calatrava's crossbowmen neighbors
in real city they do not come close despite
heat that these days because the
socialist town hall has decided
put a lot of
debris of uralite see it
We thought we would find a security guard
the beach in your pool but we see it
deserted that there is not in the pool but
I miss you great pool ends already
little clear people and not because inside
they are going to meet with the very same
shark but yes with all this crap of
cleaning and organization prefer
spend the money deserving them because
they have an improvised landfill
surprisingly in the same place
where they cool off from the heat improve
pick up upload we do not need to
find us with all these tiles of
uralita abandoned in sacks since
years puig tailings
so that has to withdraw the
town hall but what did the
socialist town hall is to collect the
of the old laundry and throw them where
more danger cause to hurt and
for the kids that go many times
fall and it will be damage to a knee or
a hand with simple accidents and
other health problems because
you are as good as asbestos
bedrooms
a chemical that is carcinogenic
something like that
the city council that withdraws but instead
to fix what he does in the woman and
Mayor's sister-in-law is trying to stop
the recording
everyone as they do not get it what
try again
and the astonished neighbors in the center
they sweep it but the other streets said that
We do not pay because they want their people and their
pool without traps